so review what we saw last leaf' first
big organ you first open up the
abdominal region you see a nice large
liver here hard to miss that and the
minks have livers about into many loaves
and multi lobular organ separating those
lobes we have historic right here a very
thin membrane this was called the FAFSA
form ligament separates the left lobes
of the liver from the right lobes and
humans we have this very same structure
in between these lobes hidden down in
here is the gallbladder you can see it's
partially deflated and actually mostly
empty on this means so right there
hidden amongst the right lobes that
means liver is the gallbladder they just
found the liver we had this humongous
gigantic stomach I mean that's many
times like the size murder it means
tummy but a big big stomach kind of
curling around the bottom part of the
stomach through here we call the greater
curvature upon top and here was the
lesser curvature membrane we saw the
ghost and the lesser curvature up to the
liver the remembered you see right here
is the lesser omentum they membrane down
here is the greater Ament in both parts
of the mesentery out here this was the
mean spleen located very laterally out
towards the left side of it we flipped
the mesentery back in this fashion and
also you got the spleen out of the way
or two we see some other structures with
the small intestine it had three parts
going down the right hand side here
smooth loops out of the way during the
right hand side this was the duodenum
the very first part of the small
intestine where it turns immediately it
becomes the jejunum of the middle part
then called the loops back in place we
can say the upper loop sergeant unum the
lower loops are ileum the third part of
the small intestine the other side here
we can see the end of the ileum kind of
looping around this fashion right from
this point on downward is the large
intestine or the colon most inferior
part way down here was the rectum so
again into the ileum large intestine
rectum way down there
another digestive morning long thin
slender like to shoot up chewing gum
this was the pancreas very nice on this
week very very long in order okay well
then holding all the intestines in place
the membrane between all these various
loops here and I kind of pick up the
mink what's kind of holding it like that
that's all meso to Mary that's holding
the small intestine quoting the large
intestine what would cut through last
which is closed apartment right here
this membrane is called the miso colon
so that's what's kind of holding the
large intestine in place we pulled it
out of the way we saw some structures in
the urinary system nice kidney right
here the tube the drains here from the
kidney down to the bladder was the
ureter and writing here get a fairly
large urinary bladder okay so we had a
kidney ureter urinary bladder what side
are these on left or right and left all
left structures okay remember right
above the kidney little tiny thing right
here a little tiny beam size structure
is the adrenal gland this little tiny
white thing right here in this vein
kinda helps you to identify so that's
the adrenal gland also here we saw some
big blood vessels the big blue thing
hard to miss that that was the inferior
vena cava the accompanying big red
structure beside it is the abdominal
aorta and down here we can see where
branches look how the branch is there
very nicely those are the two external
iliac arteries a little bit further down
next two branches are the internal iliac
remember means don't have a common iliac
like we do so first external then
internal and the veins right behind by
the very same name so you can see the
veins there are the external iliac veins
but else we notice here going to the
kidney very nice renal vein and right
behind it a nice renal artery here this
thing right in there will be a left
renal artery because you can see a left
renal vein over there there's a right
renal vein and the other tiny veins you
can see are these little tiny ones like
that that's a testicular vein another
testicular vein right in here and then
the boat will the tiny arteries that are
near them those artistic their arteries
so very small they're direct branches we
mapped on
okay so now as far as today goes we're
going to look at structures in the mail
system we'll start by looking at right
below where the bladder is where the
mail were the means prostaglandins II
just like a few minutes found just to
fear to the bladder a little white ball
of a structure and that's what the
prostate line is located so if you a
female mink don't you'll be looking in
vain for this thing keep that in mind
only found in males I've had students
before I searched and searched and
there's no prostate you won't find it
unless it's Mel so right below the
bladder this meat does really have a
huge prostate it's kind of like the
structure you see right there just below
the bladder that's the prostate gland
sometimes it's more bulbous and kind of
white in appearance bone this mink
really doesn't stand out very much
prostate gland right below the bladder
here pull the bladder back out of the
way that's a little ball you see right
down below that's just some tissue here
so it'll write this little area right
below where the bladder is right in
there that's the prostate gland just
inferior to the bladder in the mail
system then out here let's find a test
this thing I see one right here we're
look to see again in one test us and
what helps connect system back to the
abdominal cavity in the mail system
structure call the spermatic cord and
set this out carefully I wouldn't want
to cut these off that would just be bad
karma okay
when we sent individually we'll call
each of these structures a test us and
the testees will be the plural term
actually yep right there is penis
this test is sperm ready courts are
already partially broken off to expose
some stuff inside of us well I didn't
want to do that here is there another
one here that's still partially attached
now this mean isn't showing really well
so there's a test us but cirrhotic
report is mostly gone all the one thing
you can kind of see their total
testicular artery inside there to be a
testicular artery there stick of their
vein and something called the vas
deferens that transports sperm from this
test is back up into the Minx abdominal
cavity so this guy doesn't show it
really well let's see the other side
here maybe this side shows do once we're
ready for that's still attached see the
artery and vein in there usually it's
very easy to the second
yeah it's been frying seems ready for
tea that's definitely another test is
just trying to show you the court all by
itself this man shows a little a little
bit so this thing right here see what
connects the test us up to the abdominal
wall that's the spermatic cord right
there as the vein artery and a little
vessel or a little structure call this
and call the vas deferens there notice
that entrance right to the if I kind of
pool right here you can see these
vessels pulling there the same way that
to the ghost of the abdominal wall
that's called the inguinal canal so
right there this structure goes into the
abdominal wall that's the inguinal canal
and this thing that connects the test us
to the rest of the Domino region on the
weakest call the spermatic cord which is
right in there so test us spermatic cord
and then you can see these vessels once
they get inside the abdominal cavity
well right here see some a white thing
there's the vas deferens all by itself
what do you know throw one around to
dump into the urethra down there
eventually
that's pretty cool it's kind of see one
vas deferens there you don't see that
too often communicate so again right
there is a vast difference then fest
stick there are marine testicular vein
going down to the testes and if somebody
mentioned right here hard to miss penis
ranks up there with deliver in terms of
difficulty I would think and member and
minx I like in humans no erectile tissue
here they have a bone in their penis
that's called the baculum or the auspice
okay
so something you wouldn't find in humans
but same function that we'd have like
with our erectile tissue
so again penis testes spermatic cord and
prostate gland which is just deep just
inferior to the bladder so those are
major structures in the mail system if
you want to identify on the meat